docs: tweaks for ringing docs (#692)
GetStream/stream-video-flutter: docusaurus/docs/Flutter/05-advanced/02-ringing.mdx

  To get the best experience we strongly suggest using APNs for iOS. While our goal is to ensure compatibility with both providers on iOS, Firebase is not yet fully supported.
:::

### Creating a ringing Call

> To create a ringing call, you need to follow the same steps as in the basic call flow with the difference of adding the `ringing` and `memberIds` paramteres to `getOrCreateCall` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a ringing call, you need to follow the same steps as in the basic call flow with the difference of adding the `ringing` and `memberIds` parameters to the `getOrCreateCall()` method.
```

```dart
final call = StreamVideo.instance.makeCall(callType: StreamCallType(), id: 'Your-call-ID');
await call.getOrCreate(memberIds: ['user1_id', 'user2_id'], ringing: true);
```

> `ringing` set to true, will make Stream send a notification to the users on the call, triggering the platform call screen on iOS and Android.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Setting `ringing` to true will make Stream send a notification to the users on the call, triggering the platform call screen on iOS and Android.
```

> `memberIds` is a list of user IDs we would like to immediately add to the call, combined with a `ringing` parameter will trigger the call to ring on the other side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `memberIds` is a list of user IDs to immediately add to the call. Combining this with a `ringing` parameter will trigger the call to ring on the devices of the members.
```

In subsequent steps, we will show you how to configure your Stream app in the Dashboard and your Flutter app to properly send and receive ringing notifications.

### Common steps for both iOS and Android

#### Configuring Push Notification Manager

> To handle push notifications, you need to configure the `pushNotificationManagerProvider` in the `StreamVideo` instance.
> It manages device token registration, incoming call handling and listening to call events (for example to end call on collee side when caller ends the call).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To handle push notifications, you need to configure the `pushNotificationManagerProvider` in the `StreamVideo` instance.
It manages device token registration, incoming call handling, and listening to call events (for example to end the call on the callee side when the caller ends the call).
```

```dart
 StreamVideo(
      // ...
      // Make sure you initialise push notification manager
      pushNotificationManagerProvider: StreamVideoPushNotificationManager.create(
        iosPushProvider: const StreamVideoPushProvider.apn(
          name: 'your-ios-provider-name',
        ),
        androidPushProvider: const StreamVideoPushProvider.firebase(
          name: 'your-fcm-provider',
        ),
        pushParams: const StreamVideoPushParams(
          appName: kAppName,
          ios: IOSParams(iconName: 'IconMask'),
        ),
      ),
    );
```

- For `androidPushProvider` use the provider name we will create later in [Firebase integration](#Step-2---Upload-the-Firebase-Credentials-to-Stream)

- For `iosPushProvider` use the provider name we will create later in [APN integration](#Integrating-APNs-for-iOS​)

- Add app icon Asset in Xcode for displaying in CallKit screen dedicated button (named `IconMask` in the code below). [See details here](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/callkit/cxproviderconfiguration/2274376-icontemplateimagedata)

#### Handling CallKit events (for both iOS and Android)

> CallKit events are events exposed by `flutter_callkit_incoming` package that we utilize to handle incoming calls on both iOS and Android.
> It's important to handle these events to ensure a seamless calling experience regardles of which provider is used for push.
> 
> In a high-level widget in your app, add this code to listen to CallKit events:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CallKit events are events exposed by the `flutter_callkit_incoming` package that we utilize to handle incoming calls on both iOS and Android.
It is important to handle these events to ensure a seamless calling experience regardless of which provider is used for push.

In a high-level widget in your app, add this code to listen to CallKit events:
```
